[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] now today we
learned again that women are badass with
the return of remake Jennifer Hills and
I Spit on Your Grave 3 this movie
details Jennifer Hills attempts to cope
with the events of the first movie those
events being the rape and the revenge
murder she committed yeah I'll be honest
I should have did this a while ago but I
didn't want to end this series too
quickly
tell Jennifer Hills is damn near the
mascot of the channel other than go on
so you got to understand firstly though
I got a pull for all the real ones
subscribe to me I gotta ask y'all a
question
and the poll should come up right now
there is I'd appreciate it you could
choose an answer ANSWER Answer
regardless if you want to see what
happens including all the messed up
parts
stay tuned for the breakdown
the movie starts off with a typical
usual flashback of character has in a
sequel Jennifer wakes up from it and is
actually in front of a therapist saying
that you know Jennifer maybe we should
do some more group therapy with people
who have shared a similar experience
Jennifer seems to have lots and lots of
daymares about that terrible despair
field day but it's also coming clear
that Jennifer is definitely feeling
distant and untrusting of men especially
when she can just feel them looking at
her pancake booty at work this brother
named Matthew seems very interested in
her but Jennifer just tells them all
with a weird-shaped head he calls her
Angie meaning that angela is a name that
she is currently known as but we would
just call her a good old Jennifer and
along with a new name is a new
occupation other than being an aspiring
writer
the next morning Jenny Jen Jen is doing
a little jogging which also reminds her
of the past but suddenly Jennifer gets
surprised and grabbed up by these group
of lame-ass thugs
damn look look well she tries to leave
but they grab her again but Jennifer
said I came with the 38 and I'm leaving
with a body blowing his damn head off
fiction thing I guess she is a little
homicidal thought there but surprisingly
though they let her go and she runs off
sprinting hella hard damn she musta ran
all the way back to the therapist
because she talks about saying I'm
having fantasies fantasies of dishing
out justice
she believes everybody is either a
predator or prey and that basically
every guy is an [ __ ]
every guy except me even later she gets
offered a ride by the head brother
Matthew but she just tells him off again
which causes him to leave and anger this
is what she notices a rape survivor
support group poster on the wall ER or
Pole I don't know I forgot
anyway she goes to it sitting next to
the many people who have been also taken
advantage of but she refuses to share
our experience right away during a
coffee break
this
man here named Oscar talks awkwardly and
leaves awkwardly - this woman here named
Marla tells Jeff or that Oscar is here
because his daughter killed herself
after her rapist got free Marla isn't
here to just tell the story because now
her and Jennifer are pretty much good
friends after the group thing Jennifer
goes home like it's grabbed up again by
those lame-ass thugs
right before something potentially
messed up happens Marla comes out of
nowhere and saves the day by
emasculating the lead goon Marla is
pretty funny and her saving and
diffusing that situation pretty much
guaranteed they renewed BFFs who also
shared very similar ideals about men in
general later at a notice of poor guru
meeting this young teenager named don't
know don't care her name is gonna be
pumpkin turns out pumpkin is being raped
herself by her stepdaughter
instead what stepfather but the mother
either ignores it or thinks she is lying
Marla and Jennifer later talked about at
the bar also talking about how more
women today are really being treated
like slaves and relationships this old
geezer says some women like getting
treated like that prompting the two
drunk girls to follow the old man down
the neighborhood right before he goes in
his place
they pants him surprised that you have
so much that he pisses himself tough
look anyway
the next morning shows Jennifer and
Marla hit the hardware store looking at
all kinds of tools that would be perfect
for I Spit on Your Grave activities when
the two friends play around an employee
passes by sliding his hand across
Jennifer's booty reminding her of grave
day and response he destroys this dude
really she just hurt his toe then they
run out of there after that we see them
scoping out pumpkins home singing the
rapist stepdad and oblivious mother
I gotta admit this looks pretty cool to
see them obviously about to become
vigilantes they follow the step dad down
to some parking lot and beat dude over
the head Marlowe pushed the fear of God
into the step bag and Jennifer has to
stop her from Maine too brutal twice the
to run out of there excited after a
successful vigilante mission and another
meeting
pumpkin talks about how the stepdad
changed his ways but after Marla tell is
Jennifer that she has some very serious
business to take care of involving her
ex-boyfriend Jennifer is confused but
regardless that vigilante act helped
relieve some tension for Jennifer she
even apologizes for being mean to
Matthew like those earlier times well
sadly there is a problem Jennifer waits
for Marla at the usual bar spot but she
never shows up she goes to the group
place to look for her but instead finds
everybody crying their eyes out the
group woman tells her that Marla is dead
everything about Marla's death seems
fishy too but we are all sure she was
murdered the mystery behind Marla's
death makes Jennifer mad so mad that she
beats the spirit out of the group woman
with everybody behind there cheering her
on okay we need you back on planet Earth
Jennifer calm down then a detective
comes in too as if they know where Marla
could have gone Jennifer is the one who
decides to help but also uses the
encounter with the detective to do her
own investigation as well one thing for
sure is that Marla's ex-boyfriend is
definitely the main suspect later while
walking home obviously bothered those
thugs stopped her again
this is when Jennifer gets on her jet
Lee Super Saiyan [ __ ] and completely
emasculates each and every one of those
lame-ass thugs of course this is just
imagination but I'm sure these violent
thoughts are gonna leak out pretty soon
at work
Jennifer finds out that Marla's
ex-boyfriend has been released from
custody due to a lack of evidence
so she rose up to the police station to
give that detective a piece of her mind
detective ain't doing [ __ ] but blaming
the system but this is Jennifer so mad
that she goes home and [ __ ] up all the
good ass plates and eventually throwing
a big-ass knife into the wall she grabs
that knife and throws it right back in
other words
Jennifer Hills is ready to spit on some
grapes
Jennifer gears up for some vigilante
[ __ ] and we see she ends up at some Club
all dressed up she's ready to show
Marla's ex-boyfriend the error of his
ways letting him get a real good look at
her but I would have noticed her too cuz
she looking damn fine right now
anyway she leaves oh where she has him
following her and he calls out to her in
a dark Gotham City ass alleyway she is
calling and telling him she ain't
interested but he thinks just because a
girl look at him that she wants it
what your pathetic little excuse for a
[ __ ] I thought that was your clitoris
settle you got [ __ ] I love this woman
she's tough but he pins her down and
forces her on her knees which reminds
her of the rape with a plan in mind she
actually does put his [ __ ] in their
mouth but she gets a knife and slices
right through that [ __ ] she bites his
stuff off and then literally rips his
[ __ ] in a half
stabbing him more than spitting the head
right back at him I can't show you none
of that because you two trying to kill
me but if you check out this eye right
here you see it there right there you
gonna check it out for yourself
she didn't beats his ass with a crowbar
beating him to death with it after
committing such a brutal murder
it seems she becomes a suspect when the
detective comes to her job he seems more
interested in this murder than he was
from Marla's wishes Jennifer's point but
he leaves to go back with probably
suspicions back at the group meet
pumpkin is all sad again because looks
like her stepdad started assaulting her
again
I guess hearing the girls situation
alone is increasing Jennifer's power
level and it gets a boost from Oscar who
lashed out in anger saying the stepdad
should be hurt bad like specifically he
should be anally violated with a metal
pipe Jennifer goes to the hardware store
to get some gear like a metal pipe and
dresses up in this innocent schoolgirl
uniform she surprises the stepdad at his
job pretending to be all innocent and
lost he ups to get to some address she
is looking for which is really some
warehouse she prepared he goes in with
her to keep her safe but this is when
she does her little seducing thing
let's matter you don't like me daddy I'm
only letting y'all hear that cuz y'all
need to chill what calling me daddy and
[ __ ] y'all weird with it anyway
this do ain't got no idea what he's in
stake for and she electric use his balls
with the funniest face she ties his ass
up and makes fun of the child molester
she has capital right out there knocking
his lights out she bends him over in the
chair put some kind of lubricant on the
pipe and sticks it right in lots and
lots of nasty sounds you don't need to
hear but it's it's barely in there yet
to put it all the way in she gets a
sledgehammer and hits it in even further
the next hit probably killed him right
away after that gruesome death she burns
all the evidence but just in case you're
wondering yes she's basically lowering
the number of suspects to the support
group at the next therapists meeting the
therapist talks as if she knows about
the murders but I'm sure the murder she
is talking about are the ones from the
first movie I guess she did not get the
worst of legal trouble after that and
another group meet a whole bunch of
detectives come in asked about the
murder of the stepdad they single out
Oscar because he is the one who made the
threats of metal pipe anal violation
they take him downtown and ask him some
questions
Jennifer later waits for him outside the
station to talk they situate and she
finds out the whole story about his
daughter and her rapist that got off
free who is some sleazy gym owner y'all
know she's only asking because he's her
next target well here is that gym owner
who is being followed by a sexy spy
honestly she stands out more in that but
eventually she tries to catch my guy
lacking in an alleyway turns out though
he knew all along he was being followed
and Jennifer is put at a terrible
disadvantage getting super slapped and
choked on the ground even after stabbing
him in the neck
she still gets beat all around that damn
alleyway
Jennifer you took a fat ass ill but it
also seems she's about to experience
that nightmare over again luckily though
the detective was following her the
rapist thinks it was some kind of sting
operation but he chooses to die by cop
then get behind a cell again Jennifer
was probably out of her league to deal
with him by sneaking up on him well she
has helped her about the detective and
it's asked questions back at the station
by the boss lady here
Jennifer gaze a dub since she knows how
to crack the cover story but boss lady
notices a necklace Jennifer head turns
out it's like some locket with a picture
of the daughter of the cop from the
first movie I was wondering what
happened to her but looks like Jennifer
has it to keep some innocence with her
the boss lady knows the whole story of
what happened with those rapists and
Thea Rises that Angela here is Jennifer
Hills remember everybody else called her
Angela she's a pretty good investigator
and tells Jennifer that we caught yo ass
Jennifer don't really care though and
just sit there smiling after they take
her out for a phone call though suddenly
Oscar comes in delusional and wounded
bleeding everywhere saying he killed
everybody I don't know what the hell
Oscar is on it's not really explained
but I guess he had a very disturbing
breakdown no pun intended
after dying on that floor Jennifer seems
to be out on bail she curses at the
detective saying cops are about just as
bad as the rapist since they are
incompetent and don't help her care for
the victim
well cops are gonna have to keep an eye
on her though and watch her go home she
goes in and has an
the tantrum but you know when she has a
tantrum she gets an idea she sneaks out
wearing this red dress which I don't
know she is fitting that [ __ ] out nicely
or what but she walks through LA with
his creepy ass awkward camera I guess
this is just a show she's pretty
mentally disturbed then we see Matthew
about to go home but he's surprised by
Jennifer of course she is gonna get out
to help but Jennifer instead scares the
[ __ ] out of him by assuming he wants to
[ __ ] her and uses a blade that scare his
ass away she then walks to this random
park around her home where she gets
surprised by that thug she assumes he
wants to rape her too but he definitely
ain't no rapist at this point though she
just seduces him but gets up to stab him
only to get knocked back to 1978 goddamn
she kicks him and has the knife to his
neck but right before she gets to
slicing the detective tells her don't do
it well she stabs him anyway in a
gunshot is heard then we see her back
with the therapist but this time in a
prison outfit well maybe these therapist
visits were all in the past or maybe
they were all in the future regardless
this is her last time talking to this
woman staring at her alley with some
hint of disturbed she goes outside and
changed the sign to say the rapist
instead of therapists Ryan she's about
to leave two other prisoners walk up
with intention to body Jennifer with the
shank Jennifer says no I'm catching
bodies today and literally kicks the
[ __ ] out of both the girls like some
Sooyoung [ __ ] from I saw the devil
kicking one girl in the head and taking
his girl shaking stabbing her woody
she then goes right to the next girl and
slits her throat right as the therapist
walks out therapist [ __ ] up by
grabbing Jennifer and next she is also
[ __ ] up beyond repair by Jennifer as
well getting cut up on
Nik damn this Jennifer will pull up to
your block and show bleeded sliding and
she don't drop some she ain't leavin
Jennifer hills went from the revenge
killer to one demented crazy person that
was very interesting to see but she's
still a best girl I don't care
so that was the last film and he I Spit
on Your Grave franchise but it isn't the
last rape slash revenge movie out there
I might tackle some of those and just
put them in the same playlist now that
we've seen Jennifer heroes take a turn
for the worst let's talk about the most
disturbing moment animals enjoy a moment
in that spooky stuff
[Music]
so let's get right into it the most
disturbing is probably damn I guess the
stepdads death it was I guess very
reflective of how he treated his
daughter which is the case with how
Jennifer was mocking him at all and also
is a pretty disturbing death the most
enjoy limit is probably when Jennifer
destroyed the ex-boyfriends Jennifer and
Jennifer sweat genitals yeah it hurts to
see that as a male but it's not like he
didn't deserve and that's it I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and if you did
make sure you click the like button in
or you could click some of these videos
I got Londe for you right here just if
you're bored and rape this he's some
more disturbing cinema anyway thanks for
waiting for me thanks for watching
spooky out